most of earth human population has been
annihilated by blind creatures with
hypersensitive hearing that attack
anything that makes noise they are
covered in armor which protects them
from bullets and explosive the abbott
family wife evelyn
husband lee
death daughter reagan
and sons marcus
and boo
silently scavenged for supplies in a
desert town going barefoot while out in
the open the family communicates in
american sign language
four-year-old bro has drowned a battery
power space subtle toy but lee takes it
away due to the noise it will make
reagan returns the toy to beau who also
takes the batteries that his father
removed from it when the family walking
home beau activates the toy giving away
his location to a nearby creature that
kills sims before lee can save him over
a year later reagan struggles with guilt
over her brother's death evelyn enters
the final state of pregnancy and life
ruthlessly tries to make radio contact
with the outside world lee attempts to
upgrade dragon color implant with
scavenge miniature amplifiers to restore
her hearing but the device are
ineffective
later lee takes marcus to a nearby river
with a large waterfall to teach him how
to fish
while reagan abandons her mother to
visit bow memorial
lee explains to marcus that they are
safe from the creatures in the presence
of louder and constant sounds as the
sounds mess over their voice and do not
attract creatures
marcus says that reagan blames herself
for both death and needs her father to
tell her he still loves her
along at the house evelyn goes into
labor while making her way to their
basement she accidentally steps on an
exposed snail and dropped a glass
picture frame that alerts a nearby
creature
evelyn flips a switch that changes the
exterior house lights to red as a signal
to the others and struggle to remain
silent during her contraction
arriving at the farm and seeing the
lights lynn struck marcus to set off
fireworks as a diversion
lee finds evelyn hiding in the bathroom
with their newborn son and along with
evelyn makes his way to their improvised
sunproof basement lee leaves to find the
other children promising evelyn he will
protect them
evelyn then falls asleep but soon wakes
up to discover that the burn basement is
flooded with water from a broken pipe
and that the creature is inside with her
reagan takes refugee atop a grand silo
with marcus like thing of fire to alert
their father of their whereabouts
however they run out of lighter flute
and the fire dies before they can
attract lee's attention a hatch door
then suddenly gives away and marcus
falls into the silo the sound of the
door falling distract the creature that
was stalking evelyn and its targets
marcus and reagan
reagan who has jumped in after marcus
sinks into the corn and nearly
suffocates but marcus saves her
dragon color implant reacts to the
proximity of the creature by emitting a
high frequency sound that drives it away
the children escape from the silo and
reunite with their father the creature
returns attacking unwoundingly while
marcus and reagan hide in the pickup
truck
after seeing his father wounded marcus
thought impulsively attracting the
creature to the truck
lee signs to reagan that he loves her
and always asks before yelling to draw
the creature away from his children
hearing his voice the creature attacks
and kills him
reagan and marcus roll the truck down a
hill to escape and ruin it with evelyn
and the baby at the farmhouse the four
retreat to the basement when the crystal
returns reagan realized that the sound
made by implant distressed the creatures
switch the device back on and place it
on a nearby microphone painfully
disoriented the creature exposed the
flesh beneath its armor head allowing
evelyn to finally shoot it with a
shotgun
the family fused a cctv monitor showing
two critters attacked by the noise of
the shotgun blast approaching the house
with their newly acquired knowledge of
the creature's weakness the member of
the family armed himself and prepared to
fight back